https://github.com/openfoodfacts/smooth-app

I want similar functionality of how it is used in this app but i need a PWA  to do the below requirement.

I want to create an App "Allery" which is a food allergen monitor and tracker along with inventory management. This app is made for a food chains which operates at multiple location within canada. I want to track all the food allergen as part of the Candian food safety guidelines. theme of the app should be in blue. It should have roles: Manager, Receiver Manager roles and responsibilities : 1) Create new users and assign roles to them and also update/delete users. 2)Manage vendor/supplier list(create/update/delete and also assign the vendor/supplier to the receiver) 3) Track and montior the scanning activity of all the recivers. 4)Monitor the food allergens scanned by the receivers and also the food products in the inventory Receivers: They are the one who recives the supplies from the vendors 1) They login to their dashboard and select the assigned vendor/supplier task. 2) once selected the assigned vendor/supplier task the date and time stamp needs to be tracked. 3) they continue scanning all the food products received from the supplier/vendor 4) they need to scan the barcode of the box which needs to be checked along with the open foodsfact data if that it not present they can manually add the data. by taking the photo of the ingridents so automatically the all the data should be extracted and the food alleregens needs to be tracked and notifications needs to displayed if there are any. They should be able to create a food allergen label and they will attach it in the boxes. they will receive multiple boxes of same items and diferent they can change the quantity size and also update if there are any damaged boxes. Finally they will complete the scanning session. Once it is done they can review it and submit it. there should be a place for them to see all the scanning sessions previoulsy done by them. Once they submit it should go to the managers portal as well. Manager & receiver can see in detail about the food allergens present in the inventory. recevier will see only the food allergens of the product which he has scanned but manager can see all the receviers and overall food allergens and inventory details of their location. the app should be sophiticated and with best looking looking UI/UX design and it should have more graphical user interfaces with more visual representations. All the food details needs to be stored in the db, all the newly added products are maintained next time if similar products comes either thorugh the ocr of product ingredients or barcode it can retrevie from the this db for more efficiency. i want to do a Progressive web application which can run on all type of devices, also I want to use the google suite of technologies to implement this. and also, since mostly the app relies on scanning the ingridents of the food products. I need a best way to extract the ingridents and categorize and store them in a best way and use it with best way based on the canadian health standard to indentify potential allergen warnings and show it.